Let's take a look at the concrete implementation of logistic regression.
So in this lecture we are going to talk about a very very simple example.
As you can see we have the hard coded values for x y and y won.
It is going to be the Blue Claws.
And then we have the Red Cross with X-2 and y variables.
We are going to create a nom pie array out of the x values and the value they'll use.
So again we will have just a single x explant already valuable just like we have seen in the theoretical
section in the theoretical section we have been dealing with balance on the credit card.
No we are dealing with simple numerical values without any meaning so it has nothing to do with balance
on a credit card.
It has nothing to do with credit scoring and so on.
OK so if we take a look at the Plaut This is the plot as you can see we have blue dots and we have red
dots.
Accordingly the x value is high.
So it is greater than 6.
It is going to be the red cross the x value is smaller than let's say two.
Then it's going to be the blue class.
Of course there some intersection that's not that straightforward.
Whether it is the Blue Claws or the Red Cross as you can see between two and six there are blue dots
as well as red dot.
So the sigmoid function and logistic regression is going to decide what class it belongs to.
OK then if we use this logistic regression from seeking to learn linear model we are able to fit the
model with the x and y variables the wive triable again have two values 0 and 1.
As you can see these are the Y they'll use is 0 0 0 0 and 1 1 1.
So it is a binary classification problem again.
And this is why we like logistic regression logistic regression is extremely powerful when dealing with
two output classes.
In this case the output can be zero or a warm.
OK so this method is going to calculate the is 0 and B to one pair in meters.
So basically we are able to calculate the probability whether the given the dog belongs to the Blue
Cross or the Red Cross.
So basically value 0 or 1 as you can see we just have to deal with the sigmoid function one divided
by one plus each of the power of minus beats zero plus a B to 1 times X..
And when we feed the given logistic regression model 60 to learn is going to use maximum likelihood
method or any other solver in order to find the optimal between zero and B to one pair ammeters.
OK then we would like to Plaut the largest A function as you can see we are going to use green dots
in order to represent a sigmoid function.
Why is it important to use the sigmoid function because the sigmoid function will decide whether a new
data point will belong to the Red Cross or w class as you can see we can get the B to 0 with the map
of modal data intersect and model that QF is going to store the B one parent.
So this is the sigmoid function of one divided by one plus the exponential function bita zero plus B
to 1 times x.
And of course we have two multiplied by minus one.
OK this is how we plot it.
We would like to start with D-minus minus do that's why we substract two and we divide by 10 because
we would like to deal with floating point numbers not just one.
But for example 0.1 0.2 0.3 and so on.
So from minus 2 up to 10.
OK then we are going to show the plot.
So that's why we call that the Dutch show.
And what's more important that we are able to make new predictions we the hop over the fitted model.
So if we save and run it as you can see secret learn has calculated the Berio zero and the BE ONE parameters
and the prediction is that if x is equal to 0.1 So something like Here of course it belongs to the blue
class.
If they surveil us for example time what is it mean.
X is E-Class to 10 so we are here.
Of course there are red dots in this region.
So the prediction I guess will be close to 1.
Ok so if you may recall we are dealing with a binary classification problem.
The output can be 0 or 1 exclusively.
There is no other options.
OK.
What's important that we can use the predicate probability instead of the predicate method.
So if we use predicate probability and say Wait let's run it as you can see.
Seeking to learn is going to print out the probability that the new data point will read X E-Class to
10.
It has 94 percent probability that it belongs to the red class and approximately five births and the
probability that it belongs to the blue class.
So logistic regression is going to find the maximum probability.
And that's why if we do not print out the probability botted the class since that that's why it's going
to be the last one.
But we are able to printout the probabilities with the half of the predicate Prabhat function.
Ok let's check that if the x is Eco's 2 4.
It is not that straightforward.
What gloss it belongs to.
As you can see 53 percent that the new data point with X equals to 4 belongs to the wrath class and
46 percent chance that it belongs to the blue class.
But if you use for example x equals to 1.
Of course there's going to be a higher probability that either belongs to the blue class as you can
see 77 percent that it belongs to the blue class and only 22 percent that it belongs to the red class.
OK.
So this is how we are able to train the logistic regression model read the map of the fit function.
This is how we are able to get the optimal parameters between 0 and B to 1.
And this is how we are able to make a new prediction or better pre-Big the given class with the help
of this predicate function or we are able to predict that was the probability of the given item belongs
to a given class.
OK.
So this is why we can use this predicate proper function.
So in the next lecture we are going to talk about credit scoring based on a huge comma separated value
data set.
And we will use lot is the quick reaction in order to decide whether the client has defaulted on the
loan or not.
Thanks for watching.